# Mbed Audio Codec
## tlv320aic23b
### Pinout
* GND
Ground

* LRCOUT
I2S ADC-word clock signal. In audio master mode, the AIC23B generates this framing signal
and sends it to the DSP. In audio slave mode, the signal is generated by the DSP.

* DOUT
I2S format serial data output from the sigma-delta stereo ADC

* BCLK
I2S serial-bit clock. In audio master mode, the AIC23B generates this signal and sends it to the
DSP. In audio slave mode, the signal is generated by the DSP

* DIN
I2S format serial data input to the sigma-delta stereo DAC

* LRCIN (RCIN)
I2S DAC-word clock signal. In audio master mode, the AIC23B generates this framing signal
and sends it to the DSP. In audio slave mode, the signal is generated by the DSP

* /CS
Control port input latch/address select. For SPI control mode this input acts as the data latch
control. For 2-wire control mode this input defines the seventh bit in the device address field.
See Section 3.1 for details.

* MODE
Serial-interface-mode input. See Section 3.1 for details.

* SDIN
Control-port serial-data input. For SPI and 2-wire control modes this is the serial-data input and
also is used to select the control protocol after reset. See Section 3.1 for details.

* SCLK
Control-port serial-data clock. For SPI and 2-wire control modes this is the serial-clock input.
See Section 3.1 for details.

* +3.3v
  Input Voltage (between 2.7-3.6)

### SPI
SPI for the aic23b uses 3 Pin SPI. This means that MISO and MOSI are connected (to SDIN), SS is contected to /CS, and SCLK is connected to CLK

It uses 16 bit SPI where the first 8 bits are instruction, and the last 8 bits are the data.
